MONGOID-5221 Always return nil on demongoizing uncastable values (#5371)
mongodb/mongoid: docs/reference/fields.txt

.. code::

  user.attributes_before_type_cast["name"]
  # => ["Mike", "Trout"]

Reading Uncastable Values
`````````````````````````

> When documents in the databae contain values of different types than their

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When documents in the database contain values of different types than their
```

represenations in Mongoid, if Mongoid cannot coerce them into the correct type,

> it will assign ``nil``. Consider the following model and document in the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
it will replace the value with ``nil``. Consider the following model and document in the
```

database:

.. code::

  class User
    include Mongoid::Document

    field :name, type: Integer
  end

.. code::

  { _id: ..., name: [ "Mike", "Trout" ] }

> Reading this document from the database will result in a ``nil`` being written

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reading this document from the database will result in the model's name field containing ``nil``:
```

> to the model's name field:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

.. code::

  User.first.name
  # => nil

> Reading an array to a field of type Integer doesn't work since an array can't

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The database value of type array cannot be stored in the attribute, since the array can't
```

be coerced to an Integer. Note that the original uncastable values will be

> stored in the ``attributes_before_type_cast`` hash with their field names.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
stored in the ``attributes_before_type_cast`` hash with their field names:
```

.. code::

  user.attributes_before_type_cast["name"]
  # => ["Mike", "Trout"]

.. note::

  The ``demongoize`` methods on container objects (i.e. Hash, Array) have not

>   changed to prevent bugs when modifying and saving those objects. See

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  been changed to permit automatic persistence of mutated container attributes. See
```

>   https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/MONGOID-2951 for a longer discussion on these

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  `MONGOID-2951 <https://jira.mongodb.org/browse/MONGOID-2951>`_ for a longer discussion of this
```

>   bugs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  topic.
```
